Allow symbols in PLC names (#5218)
input-output-hk/plutus: plutus-core/changelog.d/20230319_184206_unsafeFixIO_symbols.md

### Changed

> - Allow PLC names quoted in backticks. Quoted names may have symbolic characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The PLC, UPLC, and PIR parsers accept names quoted in backticks. Quoted names may have symbolic characters.
```
